2023-01-13 Ernest Kissiedu (#189)
rustacean-station/rustacean-station.org: _episodes/interviews/2023-01-13-ernest-kissiedu.md

---
title: "Rust Nation with Ernest Kissiedu"
date: 2023-01-13T17:54:00Z
file: https://audio.rustacean-station.org/file/rustacean-station/2023-01-13-ernest-kissiedu.mp3
duration: "52:02"
length: "49964929"
#reddit: (leave blank on initial publish, amend with link and uncomment this line after Reddit thread has been posted)
---

> Allen Wyma talks with [Ernest Kissiedu](https://github.com/ernestkissiedu), Organizer of [Rust Nation](https://www.rustnationuk.com/), a Rust-focused conference geared towards Rust beginners and Rust curious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allen Wyma talks with [Ernest Kissiedu](https://github.com/ernestkissiedu), organizer of [Rust Nation](https://www.rustnationuk.com/), a Rust-focused conference geared towards Rust beginners and the Rust-curious.
```

## Contributing to Rustacean Station

Rustacean Station is a community project; get in touch with us if you'd like to suggest an idea for an episode or offer your services as a host or audio editor!

- Twitter: [@rustaceanfm](https://twitter.com/rustaceanfm)
- Discord: [Rustacean Station](https://discord.gg/cHc3Gyc)
- Github: [@rustacean-station](https://github.com/rustacean-station/)
- Email: [hello@rustacean-station.org](mailto:hello@rustacean-station.org)

## Timestamps
- [@0:00] - Introduction
- [@3:21] - Rust Nation's purpose and goal
- [@5:14] - Ernest's background and being the community lead of Rust London Community

> - [@13:29] - Rust community all around the world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@13:29] - Rust communities all around the world
```

> - [@16:14] - Possible guests and speakers on the Rust conference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@16:14] - Possible guests and speakers at the Rust conference.
```

> - [@22:39] - Why you should join the Rust conference regardless of your expertise in Rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@22:39] - Why you should attend the Rust conference regardless of how experienced you are with Rust
```
